---
author:
  nick: Dimas Lanjaka Kumala Indra
  link: https://www.blogger.com/profile/17555754514989936273
  email: noreply@blogger.com
category:
  - Uncategorized
comments: true
cover: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/No_image_available.svg/2048px-No_image_available.svg.png
date: 2018-07-27T12:40:00.000+07:00
lang: en
location: ""
modified: 2018-08-05T06:17:10.902+07:00
subtitle: Durango Wild Lands production from Nexon Company is one of the most
  anticipated games in 2018. Many clients have played this game during
tags:
  - Games
  - Durango
  - Android
title: How to Play Durango Wild Lands on PC
type: post
uuid: 809c8265-5109-4888-8dac-17fc31be5b72
webtitle: WMI Gitlab
updated: 2018-08-05T06:17:10+07:00
thumbnail: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/No_image_available.svg/2048px-No_image_available.svg.png
photos:
  - https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ac/No_image_available.svg/2048px-No_image_available.svg.png
description: Durango Wild Lands production from Nexon Company is one of the most
  anticipated games in 2018. Many clients have played this game during
excerpt: Durango Wild Lands production from Nexon Company is one of the most
  anticipated games in 2018. Many clients have played this game during
wordcount: 683
---

<p>Durango: Wild Lands production from Nexon Company is one of the most anticipated games in 2018. Many clients have played this game during the trial period. The high enthusiasm of gamers all over the world, especially Indonesia is a country that can taste the fun of playing this diversi. Now this version has been officially released, and can be downloaded via Google PlayStore. </p><p>On version from Nexon Company is themed RPG or Role Playing Games. Surely for you who are experts playing diversion RPG or you who have never played this type of game can try to play it to add new experiences in the world of amusement. In addition to having a tense storyline, realistic and good quality of this diversion makes you feel at home play-stick. </p><p>    The storyline begins when traveling on the train, then you can choose the     character you want to play. Then accidentally all the train passengers     trapped into the ancient world, is a mysterious world consisting of foreign     islands - Durango. Dinosaurs came to attack and threaten the lives of     mankind.There is no other choice but to survive in the mystery world. </p><div>    <p>        To survive starts from exploring the islands, gathering things,         hunting, then settling and building shelter, trading, cooperating and         competing. Diversion is designed as closely as possible with the life         of antiquity, very exciting is not it?     </p>    <p>        <strong>Then how to Play Durango Wild Lands on PC?</strong>    </p>    <p>        To have a fun play experience, of course NoxPlayer comes as the perfect         emulator to play this diversion. Playing with Mobile phones requires a         high specification, limited HP battery jg big constraints, other than         that HP is not designed to play amusement, so the use of excessive play         diversion can damage HP. For that it's just         <a href="//webmanajemen.com/page/safelink.html?url=aHR0cDovL2lkLmJpZ25veC5jb20v" rel="nofollow noopener" target="_blank">            Download         </a>        NoxPlayer.     </p></div><p>    After successfully installing NoxPlayer, just enter the same Google     Playstore ID with your phone, go to PlayStore and download Durango game:     Wild Lands in NoxPlayer. </p> <p>    After entering the game, do not worry for the Korean language that you do     not understand because the language can be replaced with the Indonesian language, can see the picture below. When selecting character, in    <em>Settings</em> or <em>Settings</em>you can set the use of Bahasa     Indonesia. </p><p>    For setting the button in this game nothing is too difficult, you can use     AWDS to move and for other buttons you can set it to your liking or by     using mouse, quite easy! </p><p>    In addition to being able to use NoxPlayer on a PC requires the basic     specifications as below. </p><ul>    <li>        Windows 7/8/10 (latest Service Pack)     </li>    <li>        CPU multiple core processors which support VT-x or AMD-V Virtualization         Technology     </li>    <li>        Supports Open GL 2.0 or higher performance     </li>    <li>        4GB RAM Memory     </li>    <li>        1.5GB available hard drive space     </li>    <li>        Internet connection     </li></ul><p>    That's how Durango game tutorial: Wild Lands is, you just play this game     perfectly on your PC using NoxPlayer.     <strong>        <a href="//webmanajemen.com/page/safelink.html?url=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" rel="nofollow noopener" target="_blank">            Download it         </a>    </strong>    now! If you have questions about NoxPlayer you can visit     <a href="//webmanajemen.com/page/safelink.html?url=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" rel="nofollow noopener" target="_blank">        FB Page NoxPlayer Indonesia     </a>    . Play this game with other friends, start living in antiquity in the     <strong>        <a href="//webmanajemen.com/page/safelink.html?url=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" rel="nofollow noopener" target="_blank">            Durango         </a>    </strong>    game     <strong>        <a href="//webmanajemen.com/page/safelink.html?url=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" rel="nofollow noopener" target="_blank">            : Wild Lands!         </a>    </strong></p>